a street March rally in gonna die
against racism turns into a swinging
mesh prime local news with David Evans
for evening in other news tonight State
Health Minister speaks on the future of
the new Port Macquarie Base Hospital a
petition against the performance of
narrow Breyer counselors and east-west
Engineer service their last plane
another chapter in the east-west story
closed today
Tamworth engineer service their last
aircraft and foursome had signaled the
end of their aviation careers it was a
moment which affected the each engineer
in a different way to see the last
east-west plane med service sitting on
the tarmac ready to fly out was poignant
for some the young apprentices an empty
hangar signaled a time to let down their
here
the last engineering tasks to be carried
out in the hangar involved putting out
the BAE 146 to fit six seats abreast
instead of five it marks east-west big
entry into the leisure market something
which retrench staff say they can now
relate to but for all the frivolity
their last job was given 100 percent
they took the job very seriously and it
was I think a testimony to the
dedication to the industry but they were
able to get this last aircraft there not
only on time but actually early company
management decided that we needed this
aircraft on standby in case compass did
actually stop flying and when their
morale has been so understandably low
given the Jewish they've been operating
under it's a tremendous mark of their
dedication to the industry from tomorrow
80 start will have been retrenched with
another 60 to go by January 31 45
apprentices are being relocated mostly
to Melbourne and Sydney and just 35
Engineers will transfer it was quite
disappointing actually especially given
the current economic situation we would
have expected more to take up the
opportunities that we're offering with
an said in Sydney enrollment staff were
given an early mark today but it wasn't
their only present there was this little
Christmas kit from Sir Peter Abel's
let being the end but I'm sure it will
when we actually had a word they'll go
fencing contractor nor nothing will do
something in here angry to think of a
place it's been so much to Tamworth
being closed down for no particular
reason it's pure economics the engineers
will mark the end of their aviation
careers in Tamworth
the few quiet trees at the arrow